# buildspace Solana NFT Drop Project
### Welcome 👋
To get started with this course, clone this repo and follow these commands:

1. cd into the `app` folder
2. Run `npm install` at the root of your directory
3. Run `npm run start` to start the project
4. Start coding!

### What is the .vscode Folder?
If you use VSCode to build your app, we included a list of suggested extensions that will help you build this project! Once you open this project in VSCode, you will see a popup asking if you want to download the recommended extensions :).

### Questions?
Have some questions make sure you head over to your [buildspace Dashboard](https://app.buildspace.so/projects/CO77556be5-25e9-49dd-a799-91a2fc29520e) and link your Discord account so you can get access to helpful channels and your instructor!

sugar upload
- run this command from just one level outside of the assets folder
- The upload command is essentially saying - "Hey Sugar CLI, take all the NFT pairs in my assets folder, upload them to NFT.storage or whichever storage I configured in config.js, initialize the candy machine config holding the pointers to these NFT"

sugar deploy
- Now that all my NFTs are uploaded to NFT.Storage, Sugar should generate a cache.json file
  - It should contain the link to each of the images that was uploaded to NFT.Storage
- run this command to deploy our NFTs on-chain

sugar verify
- run this command to verify my NFTs were actually uploaded

Let's say you don't like the NFT collection you used for testing and got a better idea. You need to be careful here! Whenever you change your collection, you need to follow the same steps from earlier to deploy the NFTs.

Delete the cache.json file that was generated by the Metaplex CLI's candy machine commands.
Change up your NFT files to be whatever you want!
Run Metaplex's upload command via the CLI to upload the NFTs and create a new candy machine.
Run Metaplex's verify command via the CLI to make sure the NFTs were uploaded and the candy machine was properly configured.
Update your .env.local file with the new address.
If you mess up even one of these steps, everything will break. So, watch out.